https://docs.uipath.com/pt-BR/activities/other/latest/ui-automation/computer-vision-activities

--R---
The Computer Vision activities contain refactored fundamental UI Automation activities such as Click, Type Into, or Get Text. The main difference between the Computer Vision activities and their classic counterparts is their usage of the Computer Vision neural network developed in-house by our Machine Learning department. The neural network is able to identify UI elements such as buttons, text input fields, or check boxes without the use of selectors.

Created mainly for automation in virtual desktop environments, such as Citrix machines, these activities bypass the issue of non-existent or unreliable selectors, as they send images of the window you are automating to the neural network, where it is analyzed and all UI elements are identified and labeled according to what they are.

All the Computer Vision activities function only when inside a CV Screen Scope activity, which establishes the actual connection to the neural network server

Area selection can also be used to indicate only a portion of the UI of the application you want to automate. This is especially useful in situations where there are multiple text fields that have the same label and cannot be properly identified.

The Screen Refresh (hotkey: F5) button can be used at design time, in case something changes in the target app, enabling you to send a new picture to the Computer Vision server to be analyzed again.

The Delayed Screen Refresh (hotkey: F2) button performs a refresh of the target app after waiting 3 seconds. The run-time auto-scroll direction is also captured (ScrollDirection property).

https://academy.uipath.com/learning-plans/automation-developer-professional-training-(v2023.10)?lo_cId=1bKNsnOdjMEwNISqfU9BYg

Relative To
The activities that have the Indicate wizard also include a Relative To feature, where the target is a stable element and you drag a distance relative to it. The main target, the stable one, acts as a proxy target for the second target, the relative one.

This is useful when you want to select an area that is not correspondent to the UI elements that the Computer Vision engine has identified, or when you want to select a general area in the UI without specifying a certain UI element.

The relative target can be either a single point or an area selection in the application you are automating.

Single point selection is normally placed in a spot where Computer Vision detection is not accurate and might not find certain elements. The activities that use single point selection are CV Click, CV Hover, and CV Type Into.

Area selection is used by CV Get Text and is automatically activated for this activity.

Note: Both a point or an area used as a target for Relative To are scalable with the resolution scale you have chosen for your screen. If the scale of the application itself is variable, instead, this feature loses its reliability.

https://docs.uipath.com/activities/other/latest/ui-automAtion/cv-scope (Important CV Method)